[CAM-9825] Change appliance name to 'Data Center Edition' (#2758)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Administering Your Organization/admin-access.md

To revoke administrator privileges for a given user, just click the X button next to his or her name under **Administrators**.

> Administrators can manage several org-wide settings that include [user authentication](user-authentication.md), the [Cloud Application Manager Datacenter Edition](../Datacenter Edition/camdce-overview.md), [provider access](provider-access.md), [admin boxes](../Automating Deployments/deploymentpolicy-box.md), [webhooks](webhooks.md), and [instance tags](resource-tags.md). To get an approach of the actions they can do, see [Overview](admin-overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can manage several org-wide settings that include [user authentication](user-authentication.md), the [Cloud Application Manager Data Center Edition](../Data Center Edition/camdce-overview.md), [provider access](provider-access.md), [admin boxes](../Automating Deployments/deploymentpolicy-box.md), [webhooks](webhooks.md), and [instance tags](resource-tags.md). To get an approach of the actions they can do, see [Overview](admin-overview.md).
```

Author: done
